# More Java Script

## What is control flow?

The control flow is the order in which the computer executes statements in a script.
Code is run in order from the first line in the file to the last line, unless the computer runs across the (extremely frequent) structures that change the control flow, such as conditionals and loops.
For example, imagine a script used to validate user data from a webpage form. The script submits validated data, but if the user, say, leaves a required field empty, the script prompts them to fill it in. To do this, the script uses a conditional structure or if...else, so that different code executes depending on whether the form is complete or not:

## What is a JavaScript function?

A JavaScript function is defined with the function keyword, followed by a name, followed by parentheses ().
Function names can contain letters, digits, underscores, and dollar signs (same rules as variables).
The parentheses may include parameter names separated by commas:
(parameter1, parameter2, ...)
The code to be executed, by the function, is placed inside curly brackets: {}
Functions can be used the same way as you use variables, in all types of formulas, assignments, and calculations.
A JavaScript function is a block of code designed to perform a particular task.
A JavaScript function is executed when "something" invokes it (calls it).

## What does it mean to invoke - or call - a function?

A JavaScript function is executed when "something" invokes it (calls it).
The code inside the function will execute when "something" invokes (calls) the function:
When an event occurs (when a user clicks a button)
When it is invoked (called) from JavaScript code
Automatically (self invoked)

## What are the parenthesis () for when you define a function?

The () operator invokes (calls) the function:

Accessing a function with incorrect parameters can return an incorrect answer:
Accessing a function without () returns the function and not the function result:
